Acs refresh (#536)
pulp/pulp_file: docs/workflows/alternate-content-source.rst

Alternate Content Sources
=========================

> To use an Alternate Content Source you need a ``remote`` with base path of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an Alternate Content Source you need a ``FileRemote`` with base path of your
```

ACS.

.. code-block:: bash

>     http POST localhost:24817/pulp/api/v3/remotes/file/file/ name="remoteForACS" policy="on_demand" url="http://fixtures.pulpproject.org/"

Reviewer: I think we should use pulp CLI commands instead.

Reviewer 2: The CLI commands haven’t been merged yet so they’re subject to changing. I’d be happy to update this in a follow up PR.

Create Alternate Content Source
-------------------------------

.. code-block:: bash

>     http POST localhost:24817/pulp/api/v3/acs/file/file/ name="fileAcs" remote=<pulp-remote-href> paths:='["file/PULP_MANIFEST", "backup/MANIFEST"]'

Reviewer: This one can stay as httpie until we have CLI support for it and then switch it. (I think)

Refresh ACS
-----------

To make your ACS available for future syncs you need to call ``refresh`` endpoint
on your ACS.

.. code-block:: bash

    http POST localhost:24817/pulp/api/v3/acs/file/file/<ACS-UUID>/refresh/

> Alternate Content Source has a global scope so if any content found in ACS it

Reviewer 3: s/content found/content is found/

Alternate Content Sources
=========================

To use an Alternate Content Source you need a ``remote`` with base path of your
ACS ending with ``MANIFEST`` filename.

.. code-block:: bash

>     http --form POST localhost:24817/pulp/api/v3/remotes/file/file/ name="fremote" policy="on_demand" url="http://fixtures.pulpproject.org/PULP_MANIFEST"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    http POST localhost:24817/pulp/api/v3/remotes/file/file/ name="remote" policy="on_demand" url="http://fixtures.pulpproject.org/PULP_MANIFEST"
```

> This manifest filename will be used for all paths under same ACS.  E.g. your
> path is ``file/`` final url where to look for alternate content will be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This manifest filename will be used for all paths under same ACS.  For example,
if a path is ``file/`` the final url where Pulp will look for alternate content will be
```

> ``http://fixtures.pulpproject.org/file/PULP_MANIFEST``.

Reviewer 2: This seems strange but I suppose it's a byproduct of having remote urls contain the name of the manifest?

Author: This is a specific of file plugin. It required the url with manifest in the url.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should have the remote url point to `http://fixtures.pulpproject.org/` and the paths point to `file/PULP_MANIFEST`? This seems less strange than having the remote point to `http://fixtures.pulpproject.org/PULP_MANIFEST` and the path point to `file/` and would also allow for different manifest file names per path.

Reviewer: > Maybe we should have the remote url point to `http://fixtures.pulpproject.org/` and the paths point to `file/PULP_MANIFEST`? This seems less strange than having the remote point to `http://fixtures.pulpproject.org/PULP_MANIFEST` and the path point to `file/` and would also allow for different manifest file names per path.

I agree

Reviewer 2: If we make this change, we'll have to remove the validation that checks that paths end in `/`. This happens in pulpcore but I think it makes sense to move validation of paths to the plugins:

https://github.com/pulp/pulpcore/pull/1607
https://github.com/pulp/pulp_file/pull/569
